#format wiki
#language en
= Squid Software Foundation Board Meetings =
The [[http://foundation.squid-cache.org/|Foundation]] Board of Directors helds semi-regular meetings to discuss current Foundation affairs. This page documents the next meeting logistics (if known) and will eventually archive past meeting details.

Most of the Board discussions can be open to the public and your constructive participation is encouraged. We currently do not have a formal set of public participation rules. For now, please email Board member(s) in advance if you would like to join the discussion of any specific item(s) on the Draft Agenda. Most likely, you will need to wait on #squiddev for an invitation to join the meeting session when the item(s) you are interested in are being discussed. We will eventually formalize the procedure based on experience and demand.

## [[TableOfContents]]
== Upcoming Meeting ==
 * Date: '''14:00 2016-04-14 UTC''' (if this date is in the past, then this section is stale)

 * Location: IRC / Skype TBD.

==== Draft Agenda - Meeting #19 ====

 1. Opening of the meeting
 1. Selection of meeting officials
 1. Agenda bashing and approval
 1. Last meeting minutes approval
 1. Review of action points from last meeting

 1. Next meeting scheduling
 1. Open floor:


Notes:


==== Agenda of Last Meeting ====


 1. Opening of the meeting
 1. Selection of meeting officials
 1. Agenda bashing and approval
 1. Last meeting minutes approval
 1. Review of action points from last meeting
 1. Directorships
 1. Support Points - unblocking progress
 1. Building a QA Team
 1. Assertion handling [[http://lists.squid-cache.org/pipermail/squid-users/2016-February/009376.html|options]]
 1. Next meeting scheduling
 1. Open floor:



== Action Points ==
||'''Meeting''' ||'''Assigned''' ||'''Action''' ||'''status''' || '''ETA''' ||
||- ||anyone ||email confirmation regarding meeting 2 days in advance ||not done || TBD ||
||- ||AmosJeffries ||prepare summary of completed action points in advance of meeting || not done || ||
|| ||
||#16 || FrancescoChemolli || update wiki text regarding Coverity access to request candidates to introduce themselves to Henrik when requesting and to motivate their request, much like what's done on the wiki now for accepting new editors. || partial - see [[CoverityTesting]] ||
||#16 || FrancescoChemolli || draft a no response to Packt and circulate it on the board list for review before sending.|| circulated draft ||
||#16 || HenrikNordstrom || send services listing update mail with April 30 2015 as response deadline. Must be done within two weeks from today for deadline to hold.|| not done ||
||#16 || HenrikNordstrom || create a Foundation account to host .org and probably a few other domains at the registrar of his choice. Foundation to pay for the transfers and prepay for hosting.|| not done ||
||#16 || sysadmin || verify that there is no services left that depends on west, then Alex to take down the hardware etc.|| not done ||
|| ||
||#13 ||FrancescoChemolli ||draft addition about third party handling and archiving to mail list welcome message ||not done || ||
||#13 || sysadmin ||create map of services to machines at /SysAdmin/ServicesMap ||not done || ||
|| ||
||#12 ||FrancescoChemolli ||post squid-dev message to invite developers to join Coverity Scan || not done || ||
||#12 ||FrancescoChemolli ||circulate proposal on shorter review cycle for small patches and warning flag ||not done || ||
|| ||
||#11 ||FrancescoChemolli ||work with sysadmin to mail service listing email when it is approved and monitor responses/bounces ||waiting for message texts || ||
|| ||
||#10 ||AmosJeffries ||followup with sysadmin on possible next tasks ||in progress || ||
|| ||
||#9 ||HenrikNordstrom ||organize creation of the new shop ||not done ||
|| ||
||#8 ||HenrikNordstrom ||send service status renewal mail to contacts for each service listing ||not done ||
||#8 ||sysadmin ||mail service listing contacts to verify their service listing accuracy ||waiting for message texts ||
|| ||
||#7 ||HenrikNordstrom ||discuss the Foundation merchandise shop status with owner to have it moved to the Foundation. ||in progress ||
||#7 ||AmosJeffries ||contact the company accused of GPL violations to learn more about their Squid-based product distribution. ||not done ||
|| ||


== Past Meetings ==
||'''ID''' ||'''Date''' ||'''Location''' ||'''Minutes''' ||
||#17 ||2015-05-15 ||IRC || circulated ||
||#16 ||2015-03-06 ||IRC || http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2015/2015-05-15_board-meeting-16.html  ||
||#15 ||2014-09-20 ||IRC || http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-09-20_board-meeting-15.html ||
||#14 ||2014-07-12 ||IRC || http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-07-12_board-meeting-14.html ||
||#13 ||2014-06-08 ||IRC || http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-06-08_board-meeting-13.html ||
||#12 ||2014-05-09 ||IRC and Skype||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-05-09_board-meeting-12.html ||
||#11 ||2014-01-11 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-01-11_board-meeting-11.html ||
||#10 ||2013-10-08 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-10-08_board-meeting-10.html ||
||#9 ||2013-09-01 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-09-01_board-meeting-9.html ||
||#8 ||2013-07-15 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-07-15_board-meeting-8.html ||
||#7 ||2013-05-26 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-05-26_board-meeting-7.html ||
||#6 ||2013-04-28 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-04-28_board-meeting-6.html ||
||#5 ||2012-07-26 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-07-26_board-meeting-5.html ||
||#4 ||2012-06-16 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-06-16_board-meeting-4.html ||
||#3 ||2012-05-17 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-05-17_board-meeting-3.html ||
||#2 ||2012-03-20 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-03-20_board-meeting-2.html ||
||#1 ||2012-02-20 ||IRC ||http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-02-20_board-meeting-1.html ||


----
Discuss this page using the "Discussion" link in the main menu

<<Include(/Discussion)>>
