<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE article  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.4//EN'  'http://www.docbook.org/xml/4.4/docbookx.dtd'><article><articleinfo><title>Foundation/Meetings</title><revhistory><revision><revnumber>162</revnumber><date>2020-02-25 14:51:24</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added my TODO.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>161</revnumber><date>2020-02-22 15:40:25</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Set proposed date for meeting #23</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>160</revnumber><date>2017-07-05 15:35:08</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Grammar.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>159</revnumber><date>2017-07-05 15:25:23</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Fixed stale page description</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>158</revnumber><date>2017-02-24 11:53:30</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>157</revnumber><date>2017-02-24 11:52:47</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates after meeting 22</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>156</revnumber><date>2017-02-24 05:01:09</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>155</revnumber><date>2017-02-24 04:59:22</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>update action points after meeting 21</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>154</revnumber><date>2017-02-24 04:12:02</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>153</revnumber><date>2017-02-23 17:51:58</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>West has been off for a while now. Hardware dismantled in January 2017.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>152</revnumber><date>2017-02-23 17:49:26</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Moved meeting start one hour later because European directors need more sleep than US ones.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>151</revnumber><date>2017-02-21 00:11:39</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Penciled in the next meeting, adding to the agenda. Will that be meeting 22 or was I supposed to start meeting 23 agenda from scratch?</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>150</revnumber><date>2016-11-01 06:53:34</date><authorinitials>FrancescoChemolli</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>149</revnumber><date>2016-10-27 14:50:02</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Done: QA pilot project draft posted to @board long time ago.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>148</revnumber><date>2016-10-27 13:09:43</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates from minutes of meetings 19 and 20</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>147</revnumber><date>2016-10-16 16:52:06</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added an Agenda item.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>146</revnumber><date>2016-10-09 19:07:04</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added an Agenda item.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>145</revnumber><date>2016-09-16 07:49:06</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates after meeting 20</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>144</revnumber><date>2016-09-15 21:25:39</date><authorinitials>FrancescoChemolli</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>143</revnumber><date>2016-09-10 23:20:12</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added Agenda items.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>142</revnumber><date>2016-07-29 06:55:50</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates after meeting #19</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>141</revnumber><date>2016-07-29 04:39:45</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>140</revnumber><date>2016-07-28 22:23:15</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Marked a completed to-do item as such.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>139</revnumber><date>2016-07-28 19:17:54</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates from meeting 17</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>138</revnumber><date>2016-03-07 03:45:34</date><authorinitials>Eliezer Croitoru</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>137</revnumber><date>2016-02-29 09:03:21</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>136</revnumber><date>2016-02-29 05:44:50</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>update action points in meeting 18</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>135</revnumber><date>2016-02-29 03:58:13</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>134</revnumber><date>2016-02-29 03:08:35</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>add agenda items</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>133</revnumber><date>2016-02-28 03:34:21</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Action Point completed.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>132</revnumber><date>2016-02-28 03:32:55</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added an agenda item about changing how Squid deals with assertions.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>131</revnumber><date>2016-02-28 03:27:13</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added a QA agenda item.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>130</revnumber><date>2016-02-26 08:18:05</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>set time for next meeting</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>129</revnumber><date>2015-07-31 02:04:57</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates from meeting 17 minutes</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>128</revnumber><date>2015-05-15 13:04:31</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates after meeting #17 (incomplete)</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>127</revnumber><date>2015-05-08 06:26:43</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>126</revnumber><date>2015-04-21 06:53:16</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>125</revnumber><date>2015-04-17 06:39:18</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>124</revnumber><date>2015-04-17 06:18:08</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>123</revnumber><date>2015-04-15 07:26:13</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>122</revnumber><date>2015-04-15 07:25:45</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates after meeting 15, and agenda items so far for 16</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>121</revnumber><date>2015-03-06 10:21:55</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates from meeting 16</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>120</revnumber><date>2015-03-06 06:35:31</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>119</revnumber><date>2015-03-06 05:30:02</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>minutes public</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>118</revnumber><date>2015-03-06 05:26:46</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>117</revnumber><date>2015-03-06 05:24:05</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>update action status</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>116</revnumber><date>2015-03-05 15:15:13</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added an agenda item. Board mailing list has the details.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>115</revnumber><date>2015-02-26 10:50:22</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>114</revnumber><date>2015-02-26 10:48:36</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates for next meeting</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>113</revnumber><date>2015-02-13 23:13:13</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>add agenda items for next meeting, date still unconfirmed</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>112</revnumber><date>2014-09-20 09:23:29</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>111</revnumber><date>2014-09-20 05:20:37</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>110</revnumber><date>2014-09-20 05:09:57</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>109</revnumber><date>2014-09-18 12:01:33</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates after meeting 14, and add some agenda items for next meeting</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>108</revnumber><date>2014-07-12 10:32:57</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>update after meeting 14</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>107</revnumber><date>2014-07-11 18:31:47</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Fixed(?) upcoming meeting date.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>106</revnumber><date>2014-07-10 04:52:04</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Removed stale &quot;dev efficiency&quot; note. Marked support points draft to-do as completed.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>105</revnumber><date>2014-06-08 09:53:34</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>meeting 12 updates</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>104</revnumber><date>2014-06-08 07:34:10</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>103</revnumber><date>2014-06-08 06:41:49</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated SupportPoint actions</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>102</revnumber><date>2014-06-08 06:39:32</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>101</revnumber><date>2014-06-08 05:20:48</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>100</revnumber><date>2014-06-08 02:49:59</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>actions update</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>99</revnumber><date>2014-05-09 11:16:20</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>update after meeting 12</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>98</revnumber><date>2014-05-08 14:57:53</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added an agenda item with a note detailing it.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>97</revnumber><date>2014-05-05 17:05:03</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added an agenda item with a note detailing it.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>96</revnumber><date>2014-04-28 15:04:37</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>tentative next meeting date</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>95</revnumber><date>2014-02-15 09:07:43</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates to action points</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>94</revnumber><date>2014-02-05 09:11:48</date><authorinitials>FrancescoChemolli</authorinitials><revremark>fixed wrong date in the meeting schedule</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>93</revnumber><date>2014-02-04 11:52:04</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>92</revnumber><date>2014-02-04 08:47:47</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>91</revnumber><date>2014-01-12 10:45:21</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>90</revnumber><date>2014-01-12 06:54:15</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>89</revnumber><date>2014-01-12 06:53:38</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>88</revnumber><date>2014-01-12 06:51:59</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>87</revnumber><date>2014-01-11 13:02:52</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>86</revnumber><date>2014-01-11 12:25:20</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>85</revnumber><date>2014-01-11 11:52:31</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>84</revnumber><date>2014-01-11 10:51:37</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>action points from meeting 11</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>83</revnumber><date>2014-01-11 09:52:15</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>draft new meeting minutes</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>82</revnumber><date>2014-01-11 09:10:01</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>in-meeting updates</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>81</revnumber><date>2014-01-11 05:52:50</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>in-meeting agenda updates</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>80</revnumber><date>2014-01-07 20:09:09</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>status update. we need to discuss copyright on the example helpers.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>79</revnumber><date>2014-01-03 01:47:38</date><authorinitials>Henrik Nordström</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>78</revnumber><date>2013-11-21 15:49:39</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>updated election paperwork to-do item</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>77</revnumber><date>2013-11-21 05:12:17</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>updated election paperwork to-do items to reflect the existence of the paperwork</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>76</revnumber><date>2013-11-06 17:03:06</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated date. Added an agenda item.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>75</revnumber><date>2013-11-03 06:13:49</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>progress update</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>74</revnumber><date>2013-11-03 05:22:21</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>add action points from meeting 10, published meeting 8 minutes</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>73</revnumber><date>2013-10-25 07:41:08</date><authorinitials>FrancescoChemolli</authorinitials><revremark>added point for meeting 11.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>72</revnumber><date>2013-10-08 10:29:01</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>changes from meeting 10</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>71</revnumber><date>2013-10-05 10:17:42</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>meeting delayed</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>70</revnumber><date>2013-10-05 04:32:20</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>preparation for meeting 9</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>69</revnumber><date>2013-10-04 06:28:17</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated to-do item status.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>68</revnumber><date>2013-10-03 15:32:06</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Moved applications review up so that new Directors, if any, can join earlier. Added Copyright framework item. Removed logs item (to be done via email).</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>67</revnumber><date>2013-10-03 08:08:27</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>66</revnumber><date>2013-10-01 14:52:26</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated to-do items status.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>65</revnumber><date>2013-10-01 14:50:17</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added an agenda item.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>64</revnumber><date>2013-10-01 11:52:13</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>update of meeting action points, minutes #3 published</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>63</revnumber><date>2013-09-29 04:24:31</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated the date and number of the upcoming meeting.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>62</revnumber><date>2013-09-01 09:51:21</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>update after meeting #9 (missing some action points)</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>61</revnumber><date>2013-09-01 05:15:00</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>agenda update for meeting 9</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>60</revnumber><date>2013-09-01 03:55:36</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>status update and agenda items</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>59</revnumber><date>2013-08-31 05:21:04</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Completed meeting #3 proofreading to-do.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>58</revnumber><date>2013-08-22 01:42:53</date><authorinitials>Henrik Nordström</authorinitials><revremark>Bumped date to 31/8</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>57</revnumber><date>2013-07-17 12:46:42</date><authorinitials>Henrik Nordström</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>56</revnumber><date>2013-07-15 13:06:19</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>next meeting date</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>55</revnumber><date>2013-07-15 13:03:59</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates after meeting #8</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>54</revnumber><date>2013-07-15 05:53:11</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>53</revnumber><date>2013-07-15 05:52:27</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>52</revnumber><date>2013-07-15 05:41:08</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>51</revnumber><date>2013-06-30 07:22:01</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>action point updates and meeting #7 listing.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>50</revnumber><date>2013-06-26 14:55:54</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>49</revnumber><date>2013-05-26 13:49:10</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>wrong URL for meeting #6 minutes.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>48</revnumber><date>2013-05-26 11:26:20</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>updates following meeting 7</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>47</revnumber><date>2013-05-26 06:31:24</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>action points review completed in meeting #7</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>46</revnumber><date>2013-05-16 05:37:15</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>action points update</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>45</revnumber><date>2013-05-09 06:33:05</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>sponsorship mention on donate page done.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>44</revnumber><date>2013-05-08 10:36:13</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>action items update after meeting 6. add topics for meeting 7.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>43</revnumber><date>2013-04-28 13:15:12</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>action points from meeting 6</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>42</revnumber><date>2013-04-28 11:11:30</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>meeting over</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>41</revnumber><date>2013-04-28 06:33:44</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>results of action review from meeting #6</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>40</revnumber><date>2013-04-28 05:38:44</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>results of agenda bashing</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>39</revnumber><date>2013-04-28 05:23:56</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>results of agenda bashing during meeting 6</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>38</revnumber><date>2012-11-25 03:25:37</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>meeting proposals</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>37</revnumber><date>2012-08-20 01:24:35</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>action point updates and new agenda item to complete review of old action outputs.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>36</revnumber><date>2012-08-19 03:23:54</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>sent a reminder to squid-board</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>35</revnumber><date>2012-07-29 05:31:10</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>list meeting 5 in past set</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>34</revnumber><date>2012-07-29 05:02:32</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>sysadmin bugs being opened.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>33</revnumber><date>2012-07-29 04:32:32</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>done SPONSORS update</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>32</revnumber><date>2012-07-27 13:24:17</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>some action</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>31</revnumber><date>2012-07-26 11:55:35</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>censor names</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>30</revnumber><date>2012-07-26 11:54:01</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>prepare agenda for next meeting</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>29</revnumber><date>2012-07-26 11:51:04</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>more action points</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>28</revnumber><date>2012-07-26 07:45:56</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>completed actions reviewed in board meeting.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>27</revnumber><date>2012-07-25 23:28:00</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>meeting deferred. one more action point underway</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>26</revnumber><date>2012-07-23 14:39:40</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated next meeting date info.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>25</revnumber><date>2012-07-20 15:41:30</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated next meeting date info.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>24</revnumber><date>2012-07-19 11:03:26</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>minutes review underway. One action point missed from meeting #2.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>23</revnumber><date>2012-07-18 13:44:41</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated next meeting date info</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>22</revnumber><date>2012-07-17 14:15:41</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated draft agenda.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>21</revnumber><date>2012-07-17 14:09:03</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated action item status.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>20</revnumber><date>2012-07-08 02:56:28</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>progress update on donate page, agenda some issues with the sponsorship program to clarify soon</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>19</revnumber><date>2012-07-06 22:43:50</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated action item status.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>18</revnumber><date>2012-06-26 17:29:06</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated action item status</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>17</revnumber><date>2012-06-21 20:47:47</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated action item status</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>16</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 14:08:22</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>Henriks setup the mailing list.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>15</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 10:31:34</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>prepare clean agenda for meeting #5</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>14</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 10:26:44</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>open floor found more actions</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>13</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 10:18:05</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>final action points of meeting #4</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>12</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 08:36:59</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Updated action item status</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>11</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 08:30:35</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>missing action from meeting #3.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>10</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 08:24:07</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>action optional: create a wiki table with actions</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>9</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 07:50:35</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>meeting #1 and #2 update</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>8</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 07:31:26</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added dates for meetings #3 and #2.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>7</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 07:24:43</date><authorinitials>Henrik Nordström</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>6</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 07:18:05</date><authorinitials>Henrik Nordström</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>5</revnumber><date>2012-06-16 07:16:45</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Meeting #4 happened on 2012-06-16</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>4</revnumber><date>2012-06-14 14:49:27</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Added introduction. Added known items to the agenda. Added a notice about stale info. Added Past Meetings section to show that we will provide those details.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>3</revnumber><date>2012-06-08 15:12:05</date><authorinitials>AlexRousskov</authorinitials><revremark>Set the next meeting date</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>2</revnumber><date>2012-06-08 09:33:32</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>1</revnumber><date>2012-06-08 09:32:48</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>create structure</revremark></revision></revhistory></articleinfo><section><title>Squid Software Foundation Board Meetings</title><para>The <ulink url="http://foundation.squid-cache.org/">Foundation</ulink> Board of Directors holds semi-regular meetings to discuss current Foundation affairs. This page documents the next meeting logistics (if known), aggregates pending to-do items, and indexes past meeting minutes. </para><para>Most of the Board discussions can be open to the public and your constructive participation is encouraged. We currently do not have a formal set of public participation rules. For now, please email Board member(s) in advance if you would like to join the discussion of any specific item(s) on the Draft Agenda. Most likely, you will need to wait on #squiddev for an invitation to join the meeting session when the item(s) you are interested in are being discussed. We will eventually formalize the procedure based on experience and demand. </para><section><title>Upcoming Meeting</title><itemizedlist><listitem><para>Date: <emphasis role="strong">07:30 2020-02-25 UTC</emphasis> (if this date is in the past, then this section is stale) </para></listitem><listitem><para>Location: IRC / Skype TBD. </para></listitem></itemizedlist><section><title>Draft Agenda - Meeting #23</title><orderedlist numeration="arabic"><listitem><para>Opening of the meeting </para></listitem><listitem><para>Selection of meeting officials </para></listitem><listitem><para>Agenda bashing and approval </para></listitem><listitem><para>Last meeting minutes approval </para></listitem><listitem><para>Review of action points from last meeting </para></listitem><listitem><para>Next meeting scheduling </para></listitem><listitem><para>Open floor: </para></listitem></orderedlist><para>Notes: </para></section><section><title>Agenda of Last Meeting</title><orderedlist numeration="arabic"><listitem><para>Opening of the meeting </para></listitem><listitem><para>Selection of meeting officials </para></listitem><listitem><para>Agenda bashing and approval </para></listitem><listitem><para>QA Pilot-1 candidate selection </para></listitem><listitem><para>Last meeting minutes approval </para></listitem><listitem><para>Review of action points from last meeting </para></listitem><listitem><para>sending support points announcement </para></listitem><listitem><para>mailing list archival policy document </para></listitem><listitem><para>Next meeting scheduling </para></listitem><listitem><para>Open floor: </para><itemizedlist><listitem override="none"><para>no discussion. </para></listitem></itemizedlist></listitem></orderedlist></section></section></section><section><title>Action Points</title><informaltable><tgroup cols="5"><colspec colname="col_0"/><colspec colname="col_1"/><colspec colname="col_2"/><colspec colname="col_3"/><colspec colname="col_4"/><tbody><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><emphasis role="strong">Meeting</emphasis> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><emphasis role="strong">Assigned</emphasis> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><emphasis role="strong">Action</emphasis> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><emphasis role="strong">status</emphasis> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <emphasis role="strong">ETA</emphasis> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>- </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>anyone </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>email confirmation regarding meeting 2 days in advance </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>not done </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> TBD </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>- </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/AmosJeffries#">AmosJeffries</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>prepare summary of completed action points in advance of meeting </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#23 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/AlexRousskov#">AlexRousskov</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> simplify support points procedure to allow for more automation </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#22 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/AmosJeffries#">AmosJeffries</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> publish minutes from meeting #21 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#21 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/FrancescoChemolli#">FrancescoChemolli</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> draft insult suppression policy for @board discussion </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#20 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/FrancescoChemolli#">FrancescoChemolli</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> organize non-rackspace backup of master server with Alex.</para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#18 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/FrancescoChemolli#">FrancescoChemolli</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> drive the process for seeking and electing a new board member, starting with the announcement. </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#18 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/FrancescoChemolli#">FrancescoChemolli</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> send Support Points public announcement</para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#18 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/AmosJeffries#">AmosJeffries</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> provide Francesco with service listing contacts </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#16 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/FrancescoChemolli#">FrancescoChemolli</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> draft a no response to Packt and circulate it on the board list for review before sending.</para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> second draft sent </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#16 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/HenrikNordstrom#">HenrikNordstrom</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> send services listing update mail with April 30 2015 as response deadline. Must be done within two weeks from today for deadline to hold.</para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#16 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/HenrikNordstrom#">HenrikNordstrom</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> create a Foundation account to host .org and probably a few other domains at the registrar of his choice. Foundation to pay for the transfers and prepay for hosting.</para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#13 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/FrancescoChemolli#">FrancescoChemolli</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>draft addition about third party handling and archiving to mail list welcome message </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>not done </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#13 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> sysadmin </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>create map of services to machines at <ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/Foundation/Meetings/SysAdmin/ServicesMap#">/SysAdmin/ServicesMap</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>not done </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#12 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/FrancescoChemolli#">FrancescoChemolli</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>circulate proposal on shorter review cycle for small patches and warning flag </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> not done </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#11 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/FrancescoChemolli#">FrancescoChemolli</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>work with sysadmin to mail service listing email when it is approved and monitor responses/bounces </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>waiting for message texts </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#10 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/AmosJeffries#">AmosJeffries</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>followup with sysadmin on possible next tasks </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>in progress </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#9 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/HenrikNordstrom#">HenrikNordstrom</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>organize creation of the new shop </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#8 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/HenrikNordstrom#">HenrikNordstrom</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>send service status renewal mail to contacts for each service listing </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#8 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>sysadmin </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>mail service listing contacts to verify their service listing accuracy </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>waiting for message texts </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#7 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/HenrikNordstrom#">HenrikNordstrom</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>discuss the Foundation merchandise shop status with owner to have it moved to the Foundation. </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>in progress </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#7 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Foundation/Meetings/AmosJeffries#">AmosJeffries</ulink> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>contact the company accused of GPL violations to learn more about their Squid-based product distribution. </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>not done </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"/></row></tbody></tgroup></informaltable></section><section><title>Past Meetings</title><informaltable><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="col_0"/><colspec colname="col_1"/><colspec colname="col_2"/><colspec colname="col_3"/><tbody><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><emphasis role="strong">ID</emphasis> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><emphasis role="strong">Date</emphasis> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><emphasis role="strong">Location</emphasis> </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><emphasis role="strong">Minutes</emphasis> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#22 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2017-02-24 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> circulated </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#21 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2016-10-28 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2016/2016-10-28_board-meeting-21.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#20 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2016-09-16 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2016/2016-09-16_board-meeting-20.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#19 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2016-07-29 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2016/2016-07-29_board-meeting-19.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#18 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2016-02-29 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2016/2016-02-29_board-meeting-18.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#17 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2015-05-15 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2015/2015-05-15_board-meeting-17.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#16 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2015-03-06 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2015/2015-03-06_board-meeting-16.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#15 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2014-09-20 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-09-20_board-meeting-15.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#14 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2014-07-12 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-07-12_board-meeting-14.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#13 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2014-06-08 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para> <ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-06-08_board-meeting-13.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#12 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2014-05-09 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC and Skype</para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-05-09_board-meeting-12.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#11 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2014-01-11 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2014/2014-01-11_board-meeting-11.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#10 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2013-10-08 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-10-08_board-meeting-10.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#9 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2013-09-01 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-09-01_board-meeting-9.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#8 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2013-07-15 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-07-15_board-meeting-8.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#7 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2013-05-26 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-05-26_board-meeting-7.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#6 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2013-04-28 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2013/2013-04-28_board-meeting-6.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#5 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2012-07-26 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-07-26_board-meeting-5.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#4 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2012-06-16 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-06-16_board-meeting-4.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#3 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2012-05-17 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-05-17_board-meeting-3.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#2 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2012-03-20 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-03-20_board-meeting-2.html"/> </para></entry></row><row rowsep="1"><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>#1 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>2012-02-20 </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para>IRC </para></entry><entry colsep="1" rowsep="1"><para><ulink url="http://www.squid-cache.org/Foundation/archive/2012/2012-02-20_board-meeting-1.html"/> </para></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></informaltable><!--rule (<hr>) is not applicable to DocBook--><para> Discuss this page using the &quot;Discussion&quot; link in the main menu </para></section></article>