<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE article  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.4//EN'  'http://www.docbook.org/xml/4.4/docbookx.dtd'><article><articleinfo><title>AustraliaMeeting08</title><revhistory><revision><revnumber>22</revnumber><date>2021-06-21 21:19:38</date><authorinitials>FrancescoChemolli</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>21</revnumber><date>2021-06-14 23:01:34</date><authorinitials>FrancescoChemolli</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>20</revnumber><date>2021-06-14 22:15:17</date><authorinitials>FrancescoChemolli</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>19</revnumber><date>2008-08-16 14:54:48</date><authorinitials>AdrianChadd</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>18</revnumber><date>2008-08-07 14:07:46</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>Adrian wants a rundown in v6. I want to discuss structures a little in other ways</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>17</revnumber><date>2008-08-05 09:07:33</date><authorinitials>nat.eglbp.corp.yahoo.com</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>16</revnumber><date>2008-08-05 08:20:02</date><authorinitials>AdrianChadd</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>15</revnumber><date>2008-08-05 06:58:52</date><authorinitials>AdrianChadd</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>14</revnumber><date>2008-08-05 06:46:39</date><authorinitials>AdrianChadd</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>13</revnumber><date>2008-08-01 12:14:21</date><authorinitials>RobertCollins</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>12</revnumber><date>2008-08-01 10:11:01</date><authorinitials>AdrianChadd</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>11</revnumber><date>2008-08-01 10:05:52</date><authorinitials>AdrianChadd</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>10</revnumber><date>2008-08-01 10:02:28</date><authorinitials>dip4-fw.london.corp.yahoo.com</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>9</revnumber><date>2008-08-01 10:01:57</date><authorinitials>dip4-fw.london.corp.yahoo.com</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>8</revnumber><date>2008-07-10 01:40:41</date><authorinitials>wifi-nat.sydney.corp.yahoo.com</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>7</revnumber><date>2008-07-04 07:00:42</date><authorinitials>AmosJeffries</authorinitials><revremark>add me.</revremark></revision><revision><revnumber>6</revnumber><date>2008-07-04 06:13:29</date><authorinitials>wifi-nat.sydney.corp.yahoo.com</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>5</revnumber><date>2008-07-04 01:22:42</date><authorinitials>AdrianChadd</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>4</revnumber><date>2008-07-02 01:04:10</date><authorinitials>wifi-nat.sydney.corp.yahoo.com</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>3</revnumber><date>2008-07-02 01:03:19</date><authorinitials>wifi-nat.sydney.corp.yahoo.com</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>2</revnumber><date>2008-07-02 00:58:23</date><authorinitials>wifi-nat.sydney.corp.yahoo.com</authorinitials></revision><revision><revnumber>1</revnumber><date>2008-07-02 00:57:38</date><authorinitials>wifi-nat.sydney.corp.yahoo.com</authorinitials></revision></revhistory></articleinfo><section><title>Australia Meeting - 2008</title><section><title>Details</title><itemizedlist><listitem><para>Dates: August 18-19 </para></listitem><listitem><para>Location: Yahoo!7 Offices </para></listitem><listitem><para>Address: Level 2 &amp; 3 Pier 8/9, 23 Hickson Road, Millers Point, 2000 </para></listitem></itemizedlist></section><section><title>Participants</title><para><emphasis>If you don't have edit access to this page, please e-mail your details to mnot (AT) mnot (DOT) net </emphasis> </para><section><title>Users</title><itemizedlist><listitem><para>Mark Nottingham (Yahoo!) </para></listitem><listitem><para>Tim Starling (Wikimedia) </para></listitem><listitem><para>John Ferlito (Vquence) </para></listitem><listitem><para>Adam Carter (Optus Enterprise Networks) </para></listitem></itemizedlist></section><section><title>Developers</title><itemizedlist><listitem><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/AustraliaMeeting08/AdrianChadd#">AdrianChadd</ulink> (Squid Core) </para></listitem><listitem><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/AustraliaMeeting08/AmosJeffries#">AmosJeffries</ulink> (Squid Core) </para></listitem><listitem><para>Benno Rice (random Squid hacker) </para></listitem><listitem><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/AustraliaMeeting08/RobertCollins#">RobertCollins</ulink> (Squid Core) - I'll try to drop by, will see how much time I have available. </para></listitem></itemizedlist></section></section><section><title>Agenda</title><section><title>Monday, August 18 10:00am-5:00pm</title><itemizedlist><listitem><para>10am-10:30am: agenda bashing, intros </para></listitem><listitem><para>10:30am-12:30pm: use cases, user feedback, etc. </para></listitem><listitem><para>12:30pm-1:30pm: lunch </para></listitem><listitem><para>1:30pm-3pm: developer discussion </para></listitem><listitem><para>3pm-5pm: Squid-2 roadmap discussions (Henrik on the phone) </para></listitem></itemizedlist></section><section><title>Tuesday, August 19 9:00am-4:00pm</title><para>Developer discussion (continued) </para></section></section><section><title>Developer Discussion Topics</title><itemizedlist><listitem><para>Performance </para></listitem><listitem><para>HTTP/1.1 </para></listitem><listitem><para>Testing, continuous integration </para></listitem><listitem><para>Issue tracking </para></listitem><listitem><para>Documentation </para></listitem><listitem><para>Release process </para></listitem><listitem><para>Squid-2 roadmap </para></listitem><listitem><para>Squid-3 roadmap </para></listitem><listitem><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/AustraliaMeeting08/AdrianChadd#">AdrianChadd</ulink> - Disk Storage overview - AUFS, COSS, performance, issues, future work, brainstorming </para></listitem><listitem><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/AustraliaMeeting08/AdrianChadd#">AdrianChadd</ulink> - Networking overview - performance, issues, future work (threading, zero-copy), brainstorming </para></listitem><listitem><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/AustraliaMeeting08/AmosJeffries#">AmosJeffries</ulink> - Portability, component seperation </para></listitem></itemizedlist></section><section><title>User Interest Topics</title><para>If time permits or interest is high </para><itemizedlist><listitem><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/AustraliaMeeting08/AmosJeffries#">AmosJeffries</ulink> - IPv6 in Squid </para></listitem><listitem><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/AustraliaMeeting08/AdrianChadd#">AdrianChadd</ulink> - Cacheboy, or &quot;Where could Squid-2 go?&quot; </para></listitem></itemizedlist><para><ulink url="https://wiki.squid-cache.org/AustraliaMeeting08/CategoryUpdated#">CategoryUpdated</ulink> </para></section></section></article>